More guidance for using the Demos repo (#2430)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/samples.md

---
title: Samples for Microsoft Edge extensions
description: Samples for Microsoft Edge extensions.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.technology: devtools
ms.date: 01/27/2023
---
# Samples for Microsoft Edge extensions

> Use the demos in the [MicrosoftEdge / Demos](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos#readme) repo to learn how to use Microsoft Edge to develop webpages and web apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the demos in the [MicrosoftEdge / Demos](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos#readme) repo to learn how to use Microsoft Edge to develop extensions.
```

I'll leave that up to you, but this section of our TOC is specifically about developing browser extensions, not webpages or web apps. So this paragraph should reflect this.

Author: Use the extensions demos in the [Demos](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos#readme) repo to learn how to develop extensions for Microsoft Edge.
